[pop music playing]
[music playing]
WISH UPON A STAR
[Heinrich, via brainwave]
Just as we thought,
-there's no air.
-[Joe] What's going on?
The station is unmanned,
you say?
But from what we saw
in the plans,
it is equipped
with an oxygen generator.
[Joe] Maybe it is, but we
still have vacuum in here.
There's no sign of anyone.
If there's no one onboard,
do you think someone could be
controlling it from down here?
There's no sign
of any recent communication.
In that case,
we'll have to assume
it's an autonomous
space station.
Meaning the micro-drones
are automatically released.
[Jet] Damn it!
[Joe] 002, what's wrong?
Bastard. He's moving
all over the place.
Yeah, like I'd fall
for the same trick twice.
[gasps]
Damn it.
I can't let him get
anywhere near 004 and 009.
[Heinrich] What's happening?
[Joe] It looks like
the supply operation's done.
The station's changing course.
There was just a course change.
By my calculations,
in another 15 minutes,
the atmospheric reentry vehicles
with the micro-drones
will arrive at the drop point.
[Heinrich] Only 15 minutes?
[Gilmore] Calm down.
Your first order of business
should be finding oxygen.
[Joe] I'll find
the oxygen generator.
Why don't you head over
to the control center.
Got it.
What are these?
[Françoise]
Those are the reentry capsules.
[Joe] So then the micro-drones
are inside these things?
[Françoise]
Yes. If those get dropped,
humanity will suffer
the consequences.
[Joe] 003, show me the way.
[Françoise] Copy that.
[Heinrich] 003, are you sure
this is the control room?
[Françoise] Yes, absolutely.
From in there, you should
be able to purge the modules,
for that matter,
control everything else
in the station, too.
[Heinrich] That all
sounds great, but...
what exactly
am I supposed to do?
[Gilmore] So there's no console,
no monitors?
It was never designed
for manual operation
in the first place.
[Heinrich]
Even without an interface,
a computer
has to control this station.
If I can just talk to it...
Agreed. But how?
[Heinrich] Well, let's see.
If it's wired
like it was in the blueprints,
around here, maybe?
[Joe] Okay, I'm here.
I've reached
the specified module.
Yes, roger that.
That's the oxygen generator.
[gasps]
[Joe] Right.
The device is running,
but no 0-2 is being delivered.
[Gilmore] 009,
there's no time for brooding.
Can you release that oxygen
throughout the ship?
[Joe] So there's no question
that oxygen is being generated.
[Heinrich]
Hey, don't you dare.
[Joe gasps]
[Heinrich] That device
contains pure oxygen.
[Joe] 004? Wait. You can see me?
That's right. I've taken
control of the station.
Sit tight. I'm gonna
send some air your way.
-[gas hissing]
-[Joe sighs]
[exhales]
[Heinrich] There.
The conditions
are still rougher
than at the top
of Mount Everest,
but for you and me,
it should suffice.
Yeah, but I'd
really like to know.
How'd you get control?
Humph. You ought to know by now
there's always a way.
Ah, I bet you decided to plug
yourself in directly, huh?
This is faster
and more efficient.
All of those devices
just get in the way.
If you were able to gain control
of the station,
do you think you could possibly
just change its course?
[Heinrich] Already on it.
Just give me
a little more time.
Listen, 009,
the O-2 from that device,
looks like it's being sent
to the central module.
Wait a minute.
Are you saying
there could be someone there?
Well, I can't really be certain,
but if there's
a controller in there,
might be wise to check it out.
Understood. I guess
I'll just go take a look.
You got it.
I'll start purging
all unnecessary modules.
Now purging solar panels
number one and number two.
Purge confirm,
solar one and two.
Panels three and four are next.
[Heinrich] Roger that.
Now starting
to purge panels three and four.
[crackles]
[Joe] 002, we've secured
an oxygen supply.
[Jet] Right. Hang on.
I'll be right there.
[thinking]
Easier said than done.
[Super Gun zapping]
Predicting my moves
to head me off?
I'll show you, bastard!
[growls] Come back here!
No way are you
getting away from me!
If you want to get inside,
you're gonna have
to go through me first.
[Heinrich] I've shut down
module number three's
electrical system.
Now closing the bulkhead.
[crackles]
[grunting]
[Blessed] Did that
take you by surprise, 004?
-[gasps]
-You seemed to be laboring
under the impression that you'd
taken over this station.
[gasps]
Actually, I am the one
who infiltrated it.
[grunting]
Oh? You're still
able to resist?
But how long will that last,
I wonder?
[shouts]
What is it? What's going on?
[Blessed] That voice
belongs to 009, right?
What?
[gasps]
[Blessed] I see.
So you cyborgs
have been communicating
amongst yourselves
via brainwaves, eh?
Who's asking these questions?
[Blessed] Steven Archimedes.
No, on second thought,
I should probably
call myself the Professor.
The Professor?
Since you've come all this way,
please allow me
to invite you into my room.
Where are you?
Why, I'm right here.
[gasps]
[Professor] I wonder
how many years it's been
since I last spoke
directly to a human.
So you are...
the Professor?
[Gilmore] How much oxygen
does 002 have?
Not very much, I'm afraid.
Hmm.
I'll be out of both oxygen
and propellant pretty soon.
At this rate...
[Jet grunts]
Your comrade
certainly is a reckless one.
Are you talking about 002?
It would appear his intention
is to use
the flying debris field
in an attempt
to destroy my terminal.
However, such a move
would be suicidal.
By calculating trajectories
with my computing power,
it would be child's play
to evade the path
of the oncoming debris.
[Jet grunts]
[Jet chuckles] I guess
that's a no-brainer, huh?
Still...
You may be a math whiz,
but there's no way you can
track this many all at once.
[Professor] Dear me.
I was wondering what kind
of show he was going to put on,
but all he's going after
is a draw.
How disappointing.
You're wrong.
He's not going to give up,
no matter what,
because he
doesn't work that way.
[Jet] This is between
your computing skills
and my speed.
It all comes down
to which is faster.
Ready, set...
And go!
So I've used up all
my oxygen and propellant, huh?
Sorry, Joe.
Looks like I'm gonna
have to leave the rest to you.
[gasps]
[Professor] Can you really
call that a victory?
All we suffered
in this exchange
was the loss of one terminal.
So typical of you humans.
What do you mean?
Or weren't you also members
of the human race yourselves?
Yes, that's true.
We were born of humans,
but we are not human.
Wait a minute.
Are you telling me
that you're evolved humans?
Well, now...
to tell you the truth,
I'm not sure about that myself,
but since the dawn of history,
we've coexisted with humans.
No. If I were to put it
more accurately,
the concept of history itself
is something
we gave to you humans.
Gave to us?
Not just history, either.
Knowledge, economics, religion,
government, ideology,
we gave all that to you,
and in doing so,
we've prodded your advancement.
However, it seems
that we've spoiled you a bit.
Humanity has started
down a path
running counter
to our intentions.
Some correction is in order.
So is that why you're planning
to unleash that virus?
This is a plan that will
also benefit the human race.
If we do nothing, it won't
be long before you die out.
[gasps]
That's not true!
You realize what you're doing?
Think about it.
If you shoot me,
you will effectively extinguish
the last hope of humanity.
Have you forgotten, perhaps,
who it was that allowed you
into this room?
Earlier, humans
who discovered our power
reacted in one of two ways.
They either worshipped us,
or they lived in abject fear.
The latter included rogues,
rebellious ones
who attempted to destroy us.
They drove stakes
through our hearts,
beheaded us, burned us alive,
and fired silver bullets at us.
Not that it all makes sense.
It's mostly
superstitious nonsense,
but we are living beings.
It is possible to kill us,
hence the need for us
to protect ourselves
as we're doing now.
-[Heinrich] Huh.
-[Professor] Hmm?
So they know what it's like
to feel fear
like the rest of us,
and that information
is something
we can take advantage of.
[Professor] 004. How did
you escape my control?
Oh, am I hearing
just a little panic?
I don't know how many centuries
you've lived 'til now,
but it looks like I'm better
at controlling my emotions.
Humph. Nothing to say?
I guess that
really hit a nerve.
[Professor]
Unlike you, I have no emotions.
Therefore, I do not feel fear.
Look, Professor, the truth is
that out of all The Blessed
I've met, you have the most.
His brainwaves are fluttering.
Keep going.
Really stick it to him now.
Don't let him off.
Professor,
this is where you came
to distance yourself from
everything that can hurt you...
fleeing to the safety
of your cage.
Seems to me,
the thing you're
most afraid of is...
the human race.
[Professor] Wrong.
Now's your chance.
[Heinrich] Come on. Do it!
[Heinrich]
The station has returned
to normal operating conditions.
I'm going to start
the final purge.
[Joe] Roger that.
What now, Professor?
There's time to fix this.
I can still save your life,
if you so wish.
[Professor]
You words are meaningless.
I fear nothing,
not even my own demise.
[Françoise]
009, get to the airlock.
[Joe] Right.
[Françoise] When he collided
with the debris earlier,
002 did calculations
on his trajectory
to make sure that he could
get back to the station.
[Heinrich] You wouldn't think it
to look at him,
but that one's pretty cunning.
Don't tell him I said that.
[Joe] What's Jet's condition?
[Françoise] To cut down
on his oxygen consumption,
he put himself
into sleep mode.
When he gets some air,
he should wake right up.
[gasps]
[Joe] Jet.
I know you're happy to see me,
but no kiss, okay?
[chuckles]
[Heinrich]
The purge is complete.
I've put the micro-drone drop
via the reentry capsules
on hold as well.
Now we just have to start up
the main engine
and then
make our way out, right?
004, you need to get over here.
[Heinrich] Hold up a second.
I think someone's trying
to take control
of the station again.
[Joe] Wait a minute.
The Professor is still alive?
These are talents
we've already seen,
but it's a different member
of The Blessed.
No wavering
in his emotions at all.
Another member of The Blessed?
Where is he?
I detect nothing.
There's no sign of anyone else
in the station.
In that case,
it's coming from Earth!
[Jet] Damn it. After all that,
we're right back
to where we started?
No. We can still do this
if we can get the engine
started before he takes over
and accelerate
to escape velocity.
[Heinrich] Wait a second.
We can still pull this off.
I'm putting in
the final trajectory.
I'll head over
as soon as I'm done with that.
[Joe] Gotcha.
Better get cracking, Heinrich.
-[gasps]
-[Heinrich] Right.
Hey, could you two go check
on the escape capsule?
We've made it this far.
Last thing we want
is to end up
burned to a crisp.
[Joe] Everything looks fine.
[Jet] Yeah.
[Heinrich] Thanks.
That's good to know.
[Jet] Wait. What?
[Joe] 004, what's going on?
[Heinrich] I'm sorry,
but there's no way
I can leave here now.
[Jet] What are
you talking about?
The moment I disconnect,
whoever that Blessed is
will doubtless try
to take control of the station.
It's not just failing
to deflect it away from Earth.
It'll also set the micro-drones
operation back in motion.
And besides,
I've already made up my mind
to pilot this station
to the very end.
Just hang on.
I'm coming to get you!
-[Joe grunting]
-[Heinrich] Stop it!
There's no more time.
Come on. There's no way
you'll be able to--
'Til next time.
[Joe] No, Heinrich! Don't do it!
There's got to be another way.
But there's not.
Farewell, my friends.
Heinrich, no!
[ballad playing]
[singing in Japanese]